- YOU GOING DOWN,
BABY PANDA.
I'M GONNA MESS YOU UP, SON.
OOF!
- KNOCKOUT.
- I'M A BAD BEAR.
- HEY, BRO,
NOTICE ANYTHING NEW?
- LET'S SEE...
BOW TIE, SMILING,
ANNOYING.
NOPE.
- I'M TALKING
ABOUT MY SWEET NEW KICKS.
IT'S LIKE MY TOES ARE HAVING
A HIP, HAPPENING PARTY.
- NOT BAD, BUT NOT AS COOL
AS MINE.
ON THE WEB?
- WHERE'D YOU GET YOURS,
A STUPID...
SHOE STORE?
- DON'T SPEAK TO ME.
I DON'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT.
- OKAY.
HEY, CHECK OUT MY NEW--
- SO THE THREE CHADS
ARE AT THE MALL TODAY
PROMOTING THEIR NEW CD,
OH, OH, OH, OH, OH, OH.
OUR NEW CD.
ALL MY FRIENDS ARE GOING,
BUT I CAN'T
'CAUSE I HAVE TO WRITE A REPORT
ON SOME DUMB VIKING.
- I KNOW.
MY LIFE IS SO UNFAIR.
- THAT...
WAS FOR WHAT YOU SAID
ABOUT VIKINGS.
THEY'RE NOT DUMB.
THEY WERE
INTREPID EXPLORERS...
WITH THE OCCASIONAL ACT
OF UNBRIDLED SAVAGERY.
- GREAT, DO YOU THINK
THAT'S ENOUGH TO TURN IN?
MAYBE IF I DOUBLE-SPACE IT.
AH, LEIF ERIKSON,
THE NOBLEST VIKING
TO SAIL THE NORTH ATLANTIC.
I ACTUALLY MET LEIF
IN GHOST WORLD.
COOL GUY.
LOVES ICE-BLENDED MOCHAS.
NEVER PAYS.
- WAIT, MILES, THAT'S IT.
YOU GO GET LEIF
AND BRING HIM BACK HERE.
HE CAN YAMMER ON
ABOUT VIKING STUFF
AND SAVE ME
HOURS OF READING.
I'LL BE AT THE MALL
IN NO TIME.
- I WEEP FOR THE FUTURE
OF AMERICA.
- LOOK, YOU CAN'T
TAKE ACADEMIC SHORTCUTS.
THAT WOULD ROB YOU OF A VALUABLE
LEARNING EXPERIENCE.
GOOD ONE, MILES.
OH, YOU'RE SERIOUS.
- BESIDES, I'VE GOTTA
GET READY FOR A BIG DATE.
GOOD ONE, MILES.
OH, YOU'RE SERIOUS.
GOOD, BECAUSE I HAVE
SOME GHOST IRONING TO DO.
AND YES!
I'M SERIOUS.
- SO, A LITTLE BIRDIE
TOLD ME
YOU'RE IN A BIT
OF A PICKLE.
- I'D DO ANYTHING
TO GET THAT VIKING HERE.
- TOO BAD THERE ISN'T
A TOP-NOTCH SUPER GHOST
WITH BOYISH GOOD LOOKS
WHO COULD MAKE THAT VIKING
APPEAR FOR YA.
- YEAH, BUT RAY
WOULD NEVER DO IT.
- OH, SHE DID NOT
JUST DIS ME.
I DEMAND RESPECT!
RESPECT, I SAY!
- * IF YOU MOVE
INTO A HAUNTED HOUSE *
* YOU GOTTA TRY
TO WORK THINGS OUT *
- * SO IF YOU'RE LIVING
WITH A GHOST OR THREE *
- * YOU GOTTA BE
ONE BIG, SEMI-SCARY FAMILY *
- * DON'T KNOW
HOW WE ENDED UP THIS WAY *
- * BUT I GUESS
YOU COULD CALL US *
- * THE HAUNTED HATHAWAYS
* THE HAUNTED HATHAWAYS
*
- * THE HAUNTED HATHAWAYS
- WHATEVER THIS IS,
I DON'T HAVE TIME TO--
- SIT.
WHEN I SUGGESTED YOU GET HELP
FROM A TOP-NOTCH GHOST,
I MEANT ME.
SO EITHER I DIDN'T GIVE YOU
ENOUGH CLUES,
OR YOU DON'T THINK
I'M CAPABLE.
WHOA!
- I'M LEANING
TOWARDS NUMBER TWO.
- IT'S AN OUTRAGE.
WHENEVER SOMEONE IN THIS HOUSE
HAS A PROBLEM,
THEY CALL ON
MY DAD OR MILES.
- DO YOU NEED HELP
GETTING UP?
SHOULD I CALL YOUR DAD
OR MILES?
- I'M FINE.
LOUIE PRESTON IS A GHOST
WHO CAN GET THE JOB DONE.
NOW WAIT HERE,
AND I'LL GO TO GHOST WORLD
AND BE BACK WITH...
UM...
UH...DON'T TELL ME.
- LEIF.
LEIF ERIKSON.
- OOH--NO, THAT'S NOT IT.
- LOUIE.
- ALL RIGHT, CALM DOWN.
I GOT THIS.
OFF I GO.
HAPPENS SOMETIMES.
I THINK THIS PORTAL
HAS A FAULTY--
- YOU'RE OPENING THE CUSTOMER
COMMENT BOX ALREADY?
- IT'S BEEN A WEEK
SINCE I PUT IT OUT.
WHY WOULDN'T I?
AAH!
SOMEONE ELSE DO IT.
NO, I WILL.
I CAN'T. I MUST.
AAH! NO.
- THAT'S WHY.
- I'M GOING IN.
WHAT DOES IT SAY?
DO THEY LIKE ME?
- "YUMMY PASTRIES.
NICE DECOR."
- LOVE MY CUSTOMERS.
THEY ARE SO KIND.
- "BUT THE OWNER SEEMS
SLIGHTLY OUT OF HER GOURD."
- LIARS!
THEY ARE KIND.
- GIVE ME THE BOX.
OH! "CRAZY EYES"?
CLEARLY, SOMEONE DOESN'T KNOW
WHAT HARD WORK LOOKS LIKE.
LOOK HOW THIS GUY SPELLED
"NERVOUS BREAKDOWN."
JOKE'S ON HIM, AM I RIGHT?
- AND THIS IS JUST
A THERAPIST'S CARD.
WE'LL HOLD ONTO THAT ONE.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
- NOT TO CALL DR. SHELTON.
THAT'S FOR SURE.
- IT'S PROBABLY JUST SOME
TEENAGERS FOOLING AROUND.
- EXACTLY.
AND, ON A TOTALLY
DIFFERENT SUBJECT,
I HAVE SOME GREAT RELAXATION
TAPES YOU CAN BORROW.
OR KEEP.
IT'S THE DR. VICKIE SERIES,
FIND YOUR INNER BUTTERFLY.
- YOU FOUND
YOUR INNER BUTTERFLY?
- MORE LIKE
MY INNER SUPERFLY.
YOU KNOW, 'CAUSE THAT'S ME.
- HEY, CHECK OUT THE FLOWERS.
MY DATE, MIRABELLE,
WILL BE HERE ANY MINUTE.
- OH, MILES, HOW SWEET.
I CAN'T REMEMBER
THE LAST TIME
SOMEONE GAVE ME FLOWERS,
OR CANDY,
OR JUST A COMMENT
REGARDING A JOB WELL DONE!
I AM BUT A BUTTERFLY.
FLY, BUTTERFLY, FLY.
- SO, TELL ME
ABOUT THIS MIRABELLE.
- SHE'S THE GHOST GIRL YOU MET
AT MY SUNSCREEN AWARENESS
RALLY.
- OH, YEAH, RIGHT!
THAT WAS...
FUN.
OH, WAIT.
MIRABELLE.
I REMEMBER.
SHE WAS REALLY CUTE.
THAT'S MY BOY.
- HOLY WARDROBE MISHAP!
I'M NOT WEARING
MY LAVENDER BOW TIE!
- YEP.
THAT'S MY BOY.
- EMMA, GUESS WHO'S
GONNA FINISH HER PAPER
IN TIME TO JOIN YOU GUYS
AT THE MALL
TO SEE THE THREE CHADS.
NO. NO.
NO, STOP GUESSING.
IT'S ME.
TAYLOR.
LOUIE, DID YOU GET HIM?
OF COURSE I DID.
LOUIE PRESTON
ALWAYS GETS HIS GHOST.
PRESENTING THE MOST NOBLE VIKING
IN HISTORY!
MM.
- HORACE THE HORRIBLE.
- I SAID LEIF ERIKSON!
- I'M PRETTY SURE YOU SAID
HORACE THE HORRIBLE,
AND I DON'T MAKE MISTAKES,
SO--
- AFTER-DINNER MINT.
- FINE, I'LL JUST HAVE TO MAKE
THIS WORK.
UH, HORACE, IF I COULD ASK YOU
A FEW QUESTIONS--
- WOW.
SO SOAP, I'M GUESSING,
NOT AVAILABLE IN VIKING TIMES?
ANYWAY, QUESTION ONE:
WHAT'S THE BEST PART
ABOUT BEING A VIKING?
- I DO NOT KNOW
HOW TO SPELL THAT.
- OOH!
SHINY OBJECT.
- LOUIE, YOU'VE GOT
TO GET HIM OUT OF HERE.
I'LL GO FIND RAY.
- NO! I'LL FIX THIS.
HORACE, SWEETHEART.
WALK WITH ME, TALK WITH ME.
- HORACE CLAIM THIS LAND
TO BE NEW HOME.
CALL IT...
HORACE-LANDIA!
NOW, ME PLUNDER.
- MAN, HE'S A LITTLE PRICKLY.
- YES!
ANOTHER MOUTH-IN-ONE.
EXCUSE ME--
- GOLF VOICE, PLEASE.
I'M PUTTING.
- I'M HERE TO SEE MILES.
WOW, THERE ARE A LOT
OF FLOWERS IN HERE.
- UGH.
YEP, THAT'S MILES.
WHAT CAN YOU SAY?
THE KID'S A LITTLE DIFFERENT.
UH, WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
- YOU KNOW, HE'S A GUY
WHO ACTUALLY LIKES SOCK PUPPETS.
VERY ODD, AM I RIGHT?
- ARE YOU PUTTING GOLF BALLS
INTO A MANNEQUIN HEAD?
- WELL, SOMEONE'S
A LITTLE JUDGEY.
WE'VE GOTTEN PRETTY USED
TO MILES'S QUIRKS, THOUGH.
- LIKE SETTING AN EXTRA PLACE
AT THE DINNER TABLE
FOR HIS FRIEND, MOPPY,
WHO, YES, IS A MOP.
AND THEN, OF COURSE,
THERE'S HIS LOVE OF LAVENDER.
- YEAH, HE CLEARLY
LOVES LAVENDER.
I THINK I MADE A MISTAKE.
- HEY, FRANKENBERRY.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
OF THE FLOWERS?
I'M TRYING TO IMPRESS A GIRL
WHO'S ON HER WAY OVER.
- OH...
IS SHE A QUIET,
CURLY-HAIRED,
SHOWS-UP-EARLY
KIND OF GIRL?
YEAH, HOW'D YOU KNOW?
- JUST A GUESS.
- HER NAME'S MIRABELLE.
I WANT EVERYTHING
TO BE PERFECT
FOR WHEN SHE GETS HERE.
THEY SAY A GIRL CAN MAKE UP
HER MIND IF SHE LIKES YOU OR NOT
IN THE FIRST FIVE MINUTES
OF A DATE.
- SOMETIMES LESS.
THIS BOW TIE'S
TOO MATCHY-MATCHY.
BE RIGHT BACK.
OH, HEY,
IF SHE SHOWS UP...
TALK UP HOW COOL I AM.
- ALWAYS DO.
- RAY, I NEED YOUR HELP.
I THINK I MESSED UP.
- BROKE A VASE MESSED UP
OR THE COPS'LL BE HERE
ANY MINUTE MESSED UP?
- IT'S ABOUT MILES.
I MAY HAVE ACCIDENTALLY
CHASED HIS DATE AWAY.
- I WAS JUST TELLING HER
SOME STUFF ABOUT MILES.
NEXT THING YOU KNOW,
SHE LEFT.
- FRANKIE!
MILES IS GONNA BE CRUSHED.
- MAYBE HE DOESN'T EVEN
LIKE HER THAT MUCH.
- * SHA-DEEP DOO-BOP
* FEELING SWELL
* SHA-DEEP DOO-BOP
* MIRABELLE!
- OKAY, HE DOES.
WHAT DO WE DO, RAY?
YAH!
CALM DOWN. IT'S ME.
- IT JUST GOT VERY WEIRD
IN HERE.
- I MET THIS GIRL
AT MILES'S EVENT.
THIS IS HOW SHE SOUNDS
AND LOOKS.
- OH.
NOW IT'S COMPLETELY NORMAL.
- * DO DO-BOP
OH, MIRABELLE!
SO GLAD YOU'RE HERE.
YEAH.
OW.
WHOA.
YOU'RE STRONG.
- WHAT'S STRONG
IS YOUR CHOICE OF BOW TIE.
- OH.
- DIAL IT DOWN, MIRABELLE.
- WE HAVE TO GET
THAT BARBARIAN
OUT OF HERE
BEFORE MY MOM SEES HIM.
HAVE I LET YOU DOWN YET?
DON'T ANSWER THAT.
- YOU ON HORACE LAND!
WELCOME.
TUESDAY BINGO NIGHT.
- LOUIE, PLEASE TELL HIM
TO STOP CONQUERING ROOMS.
- LET'S GO, BUDDY.
BACK TO GHOST WORLD.
NOBODY BOSS HORACE.
- NOT COOL, HORACE.
NOT COOL.
- LOUIE,
WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?
IF MOM FINDS OUT,
SHE'LL GROUND ME FOR LIFE.
- ALL WE HAVE TO DO
IS KEEP HIM AWAY FROM HER
TILL I FIGURE OUT
HOW TO KICK HIS VIKING BUTT
BACK TO GHOST WORLD.
- HORACE SMELL TASTY TREATS.
TIME TO GET MY PILLAGE ON!
- TO RUTHLESSLY DESTROY.
- OH.
THIS IS PILLAGING.
- OH, MAN,
MOM'S GONNA GO BERSERK.
- EVERY DAY,
IN EVERY WAY,
I'M GETTING BETTER
AND BETTER.
- LOUIE, DO SOMETHING.
- ONE SNAP,
AND I'LL HAVE THIS PLACE
LOOKING GOOD AS NEW.
- WELL, AT LEAST WE'RE READY
FOR CHRISTMAS...
NINE MONTHS EARLY.
- HEY, TAY, DO YOU HAVE--OH!
OW.
- DR. VICKIE
SAYS THE DOOR OF LIFE
SWINGS BOTH WAYS--
ALTHOUGH SHE FAILED
TO MENTION THE PART
ABOUT IT SWINGING
INTO MY HEAD.
- YEAH, SORRY ABOUT THAT.
- NOT MY REINDEER ORNAMENTS!
- THERE'S--
- MOM!
UH, SHOW ME
HOW THESE MEDITATIONS WORK.
BEING A TEEN TODAY
IS A LOT OF PRESSURE
AND I COULD USE SOME TIPS.
- OH, ABSOLUTELY, SWEETIE.
FIRST, WE CLOSE OUR EYES
AND OPEN OUR SOULS.
OHMMM...
- LOUIE, GET OUT OF HERE!
- PEACE COMES FROM WITHIN,
A SUN THAT NEVER SETS,
BRINGING ORDER AND TRANQUILITY
TO OUR LIVES.
OH, SO TRUE, DR. VICKIE.
SO TRUE.
ALL AROUND ME IS PEACE.
I FLOAT ON A CLOUD
OF SERENITY.
OHMMM...
- AND THAT'S HOW YOU DO
A 17-MINUTE SAXOPHONE SOLO.
- UH, MIRABELLE,
ARE YOU OKAY?
YOU DON'T SEEM
YOURSELF TODAY.
AND WHAT HAPPENED
TO ALL MY FLOWERS?
- THEY WERE A LITTLE MUCH.
DEFINITELY.
UM--AHEM.
I MEAN, I LIKED THEM.
- OH, BROTHER.
HEY, MILES,
YOU KNOW WHAT'D BE FUN?
IF YOU SHOWED MIRABELLE
YOUR NEW SUSPENDERS.
- GREAT IDEA!
WHY SAVE THOSE BABIES
FOR FLAG DAY
WHEN I CAN BREAK 'EM
OUT NOW?
- RAY, YOU'RE
A TERRIBLE GIRL.
- I DON'T CARE.
THIS IS BETTER THAN MILES
FINDING OUT HE GOT STOOD UP.
- I KNOW, BUT WHAT DO WE DO
IF HE WANTS A SECOND DATE?
- HMM, THERE'S A NEW
SCI-FI MOVIE
I REALLY WANT TO SEE.
- WE'VE REALLY VEERED
INTO A WEIRD AREA HERE.
WAIT! IF WE MAKE IT
SO MILES DOESN'T LIKE HER,
HE WON'T WANT TO SEE
MIRABELLE AGAIN.
HE NEVER HAS HIS HEART BROKEN,
AND THE ONLY PERSON
I HAVE TO DISCUSS THIS WITH
IS DR. SHELTON.
BUT I'M SO ADORABLE.
- JUST DO IT.
GROSS HIM OUT.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY.
AND GET RID OF YOUR MAN HEAD.
IT'S FREAKING ME OUT.
SUSPENDERS THAT CALL
FOR WORLD UNITY.
NOW, THAT'S A CAUSE
THAT CAN SUPPORT ME.
AH.
- DID YOU JUST--
YEAH-HUH.
- MILES,
THIS ONE'S QUITE A LADY.
- PLEASE SAY HAND SANITIZER.
- LITTERING
AND NOT COMPLIMENTING PEOPLE
ON THEIR NEW HAIRCUTS.
BUT A CHEERY HAIR COMPLIMENT
CAN TURN A PERSON'S DAY
AROUND.
- THIS IS GREAT.
NOW THAT YOU'RE MY BOYFRIEND,
I CAN REALLY RELAX
AND BE MYSELF.
I-I'M NOT REALLY...
READY FOR ANYTHING SERIOUS, SO--
- OH, I FIGURED AS MUCH.
YOU'RE WAY TOO GOOD FOR ME.
WELP, I'LL JUST BE
ON MY WAY.
- OOH, BOY.
- THERE'S GOTTA
BE SOMETHING IN HERE
TO HELP US
GET RID OF HORACE.
- CUSHY BENCH MAKE
GOOD FIREWOOD.
- IT SAYS, "VIKINGS
WERE TERRIFIED OF THOR,
THE GOD OF THUNDER,
WHO WIELDED A GIANT HAMMER."
- YOU ASK.
LOUIE ANSWERS.
ONE THUNDER GOD COMING UP.
- WAIT.
AND THERE IT IS.
- PUNY CLOWN GHOST,
GIVE HORACE PINWHEEL.
- MAYBE YOU SHOULD'VE ASKED
MY DAD OR MILES FOR HELP.
I GUESS I'M NOT THE TOP-NOTCH
GHOST I THOUGHT I WAS.
- OOH, PRETTY.
- SO, WAIT.
MILES, THIS IS YOUR DAD?
'SUP?
- I THINK MIRABELLE AND I
DESERVE AN EXPLANATION.
- LIKE I'M THE FIRST FATHER
WHO'S EVER MORPHED
INTO HIS SON'S DATE.
- I THINK WE'RE THE ONES
WHO DESERVE AN EXPLANATION
FOR MIRABELLE WALKING OUT
ON MILES.
- I DIDN'T WALK OUT.
I WENT HOME TO CHANGE
BECAUSE YOU SAID
MILES LOVES LAVENDER.
I WANTED TO MAKE
A GOOD IMPRESSION
BECAUSE, WELL,
I LIKE HIM.
- I'M GOOD.
ALL GOOD.
- I'M SORRY,
I THOUGHT IT WAS MY REMARKS
ABOUT MILES' BIZARRE LOVE
OF SOCK PUPPETS
THAT MADE YOU LEAVE.
SOCK PUPPETS ROCK THE HARDEST.
- UH-OH, HERE I GO AGAIN.
DO YOU WANT TO GO AND WRITE
A SONG WITH ME
ABOUT THE DANGERS
OF LITTERING?
- DO I!
- I THINK THOSE CRAZY KIDS
ARE GONNA MAKE IT.
- I FINALLY FOUND A PARAGRAPH
ON HORACE,
BUT THERE'S NOT MUCH
TO GO ON.
WASN'T MUCH OF A BATHER.
KNEW THAT.
AFRAID OF HIS MOTHER,
ANNIE THE ANGRY,
AND IT SAYS
HE'S A SKILLED SEAMSTRESS.
- HORACE MAKE SAIL
AND MATCHING VEST.
NEXT MONTH,
GO TO DAYTONA.
SPRING BREAK!
- THOSE ARE MOM'S
FAVORITE DRAPES.
- WERE MOM'S FAVORITE DRAPES.
- AAH!
- OH, HEY, KIDS.
I'VE BEEN OUT WALKING
AROUND THE NEIGHBORHOOD,
GIVING OUT HUGS
TO STRANGERS,
AND IT FELT GREAT!
UNTIL A POLICEMAN
TOLD ME TO STOP.
- MM.
- LAND HO!
WHAT?
OH.
THAT'S HORACE.
HE'S HARMLESS.
HE IS DESTROYING MY BAKERY!
BREATHE, MICHELLE.
YOU OWN YOUR OWN ANGER.
WHY IS THERE
A CHRISTMAS TREE?
- I SORT OF ASKED LOUIE
TO HELP ME
WITH MY HISTORY PAPER.
- AND, ONCE AGAIN,
I BLEW IT.
I'M A CRUMMY GHOST.
GO AHEAD AND FREAK OUT.
- I AM NOT GONNA FREAK OUT.
THIS IS THE UNIVERSE
TESTING ME.
GUIDE ME, DR. VICKIE.
GUIDE ME.
PLEASE ASK YOUR GUEST
TO LEAVE.
- WOW, I WAS EXPECTING MOM
TO HAVE A MELTDOWN.
- WAIT!
YOUR BOOK SAID
THE ONE PERSON HORACE FEARED
WAS HIS MOTHER,
ANNIE THE ANGRY.
WE DON'T HAVE HER,
BUT MAYBE HE'D LISTEN
TO AN ANGRY MICHELLE.
- EXCUSE ME.
EXCUSE ME, YOUNG MAN.
- DON'T SLOUCH.
STAND UP STRAIGHT.
- HORACE CONFUSED.
- PUT THOSE DRAPES DOWN
THIS INSTANT.
YOU ARE A BAD, BAD CAVEMAN.
- VIKING.
LOOK AT THIS MESS.
- HORACE NO LIKE YELL-Y WOMAN.
- DON'T YOU SASS ME,
OR SO HELP ME,
I WILL GRAB A SPATULA
AND PUT YOU
OVER MY KNEE THIS INSTANT!
- YOU SOUND LIKE MOMMY.
- GO HOME,
AND THINK LONG AND HARD
ABOUT WHAT YOU DID.
OUT, NOW!
- HORACE GO BYE-BYE.
- IT WORKED.
HE'S GONE.
WELL, GUESS EVERYTHING'S
BACK TO NORMAL, SO--
I JUST SPENT
THE LAST FEW MINUTES
POSSESSED BY A GHOST
AND YELLING AT A VIKING
WITH MOMMY ISSUES.
YOU TWO,
CLEAN THIS PLACE UP,
AND THEN YOU ARE GROUNDED.
SORRY, DR. VICKIE!
CRAZY EYES IS BACK!
OH, THAT FELT GOOD.
SORRY I MESSED THINGS UP
FOR YOU.
- ACTUALLY, IT'S NOT SO BAD.
BECAUSE OF YOU,
I READ MY TEXTBOOKS,
AND NOW I KNOW MORE
ABOUT VIKINGS
THAN I EVER WOULD HAVE.
THANKS FOR THE HELP,
L-TRAIN.
- YOU'RE WELCOME.
SO WHAT YOU'RE SAYING IS,
AT THE END OF THE DAY,
I'M A PRETTY IMPRESSIVE GHOST.
NOW, LET ME TAKE CARE
OF THIS MESS.
AFTER ALL, I AM THE MAN.
- WAIT.
AND THERE IT IS.
TEN IN A ROW?
WHAT CLUB ARE YOU USING?
- HORACE USES PILLAGE CLUB.
PERFECT FOR SHORT GAME.
- YELL-Y WOMAN SCARE HORACE.
HORACE LEAVE.
THEN HIT THREE CHADS CONCERT.
- ROCK OUT, DUDE.
*